<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" 
	  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
	  
<head>
	<title>IGNORED</title>
</head>

<body>

	<ui:composition template="/templates/masterLayout.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="windowTitle">
			CH/WE Trash Guidelines
		</ui:define>
	
	<ui:define name="content">
		<br></br>

<h:form>
 
<h:panelGrid columns="1" title="CH/WE Trash Guidelines" 
	headerClass="formheader" styleClass="formstyle" >
	    <f:facet name="header">
           <h:outputText value="Common House/West End Trash Guidelines"/>
        </f:facet>
	<br />
	
	<style>
		h3 {margin:0 15%;}
		p {margin:0 15%;text-align: justify;}
		ul {margin:0 15%;text-align: justify;}
		ol {margin:0 15%;text-align: justify;}
	</style>
<div>

<h3>Trash Steps</h3>
			<ol>
				<li>Empty mailroom "recycling" barrel into a real recycling barrel
				in the Common House recycling room.</li>
				<li>Take recycling barrels from the Common House recycling room to the sidewalk
				beginning on the left hand side of the WE driveway (i.e. in front of
				unit 103). Do not block the sidewalk.</li>
				<li>Take the recycling barrels from the West End trash enclosure and place them 
				to the left of the recycling barrels already on the sidewalk from step 2.</li>
				<li>Take the trash barrels from the West End trash enclosure and place them
				to the left of the recycling barrels already on the sidewalk from step 3</li>	
				<li>Take the compost barrels from the end of the garage (near the car entrance)
				out to the right side of the sidewalk (in front of the offstreet parking for
				our neighbors).</li>
				<li>If there is any yard waste, take those barrels out to the sidewalk and place
				to the right of the compost barrels (none in the winter).</li>	
			</ol>
<br/>
<h3>A Few Points to Note</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>The <b>default time</b> for teams to gather to do the trash is <b>5:00PM</b>.</li>
			<li>If the assigned day for your duty is OK, but the time is not, contact your organizer and
			make other arrangements.</li>
			<li>Your role was determined by the role you signed up for in the past 
			two cycles.  If you want to change that role, go to the Main Menu, 
			scroll down to “My User Profile”, click on “Edit my user profile”, 
			scroll down to “trash role” and change it.  The change will take effect in six months.  
			There is, however, one thing that can’t be changed.  If you were assigned to the 
			organizer’s role on a particular team although you have not chosen to be an organizer, 
			that is because there are not enough organizers and everybody will have to play that 
			role occasionally to make it all work out.</li>
			<li>The organizer’s job has changed.  In addition to reminding everybody a couple of 
			times, they should now show up at 5PM on trash day to make sure everything goes smoothly.   
			If there are problems, they should do their best to solve them and inform Diane or Bill.</li>
			<li>The trash schedule is continuous.  The current week will always be at the top and the schedule 
			will always display the following six months of assignments.</li>
			<li>If you have other comments or questions, please address them to Diane or Bill.</li>
		</ul>
<br/>
<h3>Recycling Notes</h3>
	<p>
	Separating recyclables is mandatory by Cambridge law. Most of our residents observe the law,
	but sometimes bags of recyclable papers or containers are in the trash. And sometimes trash is 
	thrown into the recycle bins. When that happens, someone has to fish it out -- a very unpleasant 
	job. Please explain these rules to your helpers and guests. 
	</p>

 <br/>
 
	<h:link value="Return to the Common House/West End Trash Schedule" outcome="displayTrashList.xhtml" style="display:block; text-align:center"/>

</div>
</h:panelGrid>

</h:form>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>

</body>
</html>


