<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" 
	  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
	  
<head>
	<title>IGNORED</title>
</head>

<body>

	<ui:composition template="/templates/masterLayout.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="windowTitle">
			Pizza/Potluck Directions
		</ui:define>
	
	<ui:define name="content">
		<br></br>

<h:form>
 
<h:panelGrid columns="1" title="Pizza/Potluck Directions" 
	headerClass="formheader" styleClass="formstyle" >
	    <f:facet name="header">
           <h:outputText value="Pizza/Potluck Directions"/>
        </f:facet>
	<br />
	
	<style>
		h3 {margin:0 15%;}
		p {margin:0 15%;text-align: justify;}
		ul {margin:0 15%;text-align: justify;}
	</style>
	<div>
<h3>Brief Directions</h3>
			<ul>
				<li>In order to know how much you have to spend 
				<b>please multiply the total in the pizza column x $6.50.</b>
				This will give you the amount of money to spend. Example: 6.50 x 10 = $65.00.
				There will be tax added to this.</li>
				<li>To determine the number of pies you'll need to use
				<b>3 people per pie.</b> Example: 9 people paying for pizza = 3 pizzas. 
				If there are a lot of potluck people, you can add an extra pie
				as they are also charged a small amount which adds to the total
				available funds.</li>
				<li>If possible, please pay your delivery person between 10 - 15% tip.</li>
				<li>The most common place to order from is Mike's in
				Davis Square at <b>(617) 628-2379</b></li>		
			</ul>
<br/>
<h3>Complete Directions</h3>
<p>
We've been ordering from Mike's in Davis Square: (617) 628-2379 but you can order 
from any pizza place you like. The catch being that the fancier ones like Otto charge
more so gage it by the prices at Mike's and try to be in that ballpark. I have,
on occassion, splurged for a fancier kind, ordered a bit less and it seemed to work out.
</p>
<br/>
<p>We calculate 3 people per pizza. I think the algorithm for figuring out how much
you'll have to spend is to use the number of people signed-up for pizza in CCM and 
multiply that by 6.50. That will give you your total funds. For delivery we usually
give a tip so factor that in. You can have them put the charge on your credit card
or pay cash when the driver delivers. Then you should print out the pizza/potluck
sheet from CCM, write the info regarding cost, let the coho bookkeeper know if you
want to be reimbursed or have the total added to your coho credit and get a receipt
 from the driver which you attach to the sheet. Then put it in the meals box in the mailroom.
 </p>
 <br/>
 <p>
 I usually check birthdays. CCM and I think, the pantry, may still have a list.
 We've had a long tradition of celebrating people's birthdays at this event but obviously only 
 if the person will be there. Usually they'll supply their own cake, pie or other favorite
 dessert but we have, also gotten one for someone when they can't. I've either made that my 
 contribution or tried to budget for it and get a bit less pizza ... but mostly
 people have brought something sweet to share.
 </p>
 <br/>
 <p>
 I tell the pizza place we want it by six. I'd rather have it be a bit late but hot.
 I think Molly and Dan say 5:50 as we have had to wait sometimes.
 </p>
 <br/>
 <p>
 Be sure the place knows it's Cambridge as there's a Richdale Ave in Somerville too.
 Tell them to come to the glass doors off the patio. They may or may not remember this
 so keep an eye and ear out for them.
 </p>
 <br/>
 <p>
 We put out water pitchers before hand. Afterwards, we wipe down the tables, break down 
 the pizza bozes for recycling. Don't worry about the oil or food particles. Norma
 assures us this is okay. I take the recycling down to the basement room which is
 often lacking in the barrels as they won't have come in yet. If this is the case,
 I leave the baskets there and come back the next day to bring them upstairs. Often
 some kind soul, has already done this for me!
 </p>
 <br/>
 <p>
 In my case, I take the trash to the East End trash enclosure. I suppose you'd do the
 same for the West End enclosure. I wash any serving plates, utensils, or other dishes
 used. Usually there aren't more than a few.
 </p>
<br/>
<p>
We don't have to vacuum as the cleaners come on Tuesday morning so I just make sure
any large bits are cleaned up and the doors are locked and the lights out. There is
a broom next to the freezer.
</p>
<br/>
	</div>

</h:panelGrid>

</h:form>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>

</body>
</html>


